stable-2.13.4 (#10974)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## stable-2.13.4

This stable release fixes a few issues in the proxy and in the outbound policy
API. Two new configuration options are also introduced to configure the
outbound (and inbound) cache discovery idle period for proxies. The
configuration is supported through annotations and through Helm values.

* Control Plane

>   * Fixed an issue where an HTTPRoute backendRef's namespace would be ignored
>   * Fixed an issue where probe paths with query params would not be authorized
>     through the default route

Reviewer: take it or leave it: perhaps we should use the same wording as in the edge changelog for these:
https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/06a6f3be1dcabc38700f62d54487386fc2230987/CHANGES.md?plain=1#L7-L11

```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where the `namespace` field on HTTPRoute `backendRef`s was
    ignored, and the backend Service would always be assumed to be in the
    namespace as the parent Service
  * Fixed an issue where default authorizations generated for readiness and
    liveness probes would fail if the probe path included URI query parameters
```

Author: Sure, sounds like a good idea.

  * Introduced outbound/inbound discovery cache idle timeout configuration
    values through annotations
  * Fixed bug where topology routing would not disable while service was under
    load (thanks @MarkSRobinson!)
* Proxy

>   * Fixed an issue where pods wouldn't be able to communicate with themselves
>     using their logical (Service) address

Reviewer: in the edge changelog, this is worded as:
https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/06a6f3be1dcabc38700f62d54487386fc2230987/CHANGES.md?plain=1#L52-L53
```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where meshed pods could not communicate with themselves
    through a ClusterIP Service
```
